Project/final.md, before:

# Project Final Delivery

The final delivery of the project, you will need to present **all** the work done for the project, at this phase you're required to submit several deliverables and make a presentation that has the following requirements.

## The Presentation Requirements

**One important note about this presentation, is that it has to cover all the project work, not only the work done after the second milestone.**

1. Original model from literature (in figures and diagrams only).
2. Proposed model architecture (in figures and diagrams only).
3. Final model architecture (in figures and diagrams only), explain if proposed parts weren't feasible which made you adopt new changes.
4. Graphs and plots that show your results.
5. A live demo of your working model.
6. Team members contribution
7. Conclusion and future work (including lessons learned and interesting findings).

## Selected Presentations

1. [Floor Localization](assets/selected_final_presentations/localization.pdf)
2. [Text to Image](assets/selected_final_presentations/txt2img.pdf)
3. [Artistic Style Transfer For Videos](assets/selected_final_presentations/style_transfer.pdf)

## Deliverables

1. Presentation slides containing the requirements.
2. A recorded video of your presentation, this will give you a chance to rehearse and also be a point of reference for your work.
3. A live presentation showing your work.
4. Project Code.
5. A poster for your project (soft copy).
6. Project Website.
7. **(BONUS)**: Publication-Quality paper.
8. **(BONUS)**: Enroll in the Student Research Competition of one of the ACM SIGs after consultation with the course instructor about the quality of the work and its relevance to a specific SIG.

## The Project Code

The submitted code must satisfy the following requirements:

1. Code files in a Python Notebook/Jupyter Notebook **if possible**. But, in all ways, a full working code must be submitted.
2. A list of all dependencies and installation instructions to get the code fully working.
3. Data files, provide permanent links for huge datasets or upload the dataset directly to the submission form if tiny (less than 100 MB).
4. Your model weights, a permanent link if possible or upload it directly to the submission form if tiny (less than 1 GB).

## The Project Poster

The project poster is a pdf document for a one-page summary of your project. It has no specific requirements but the following guidelines should help:

1. Make sure to include the university logo.
2. Focus more on graphs, figures and diagrams.
3. Simple is safe.

You can use any simple tools like Microsoft Power Point or Google Slides. You can start from free templates available online such as found [here](https://www.genigraphics.com/templates) and [here](https://www.posterpresentations.com/free-poster-templates.html).

The following is a list of posters from previous terms, just follow the general style, nothing specific nor fancy is required.

1. [Movie Genre Classification](assets/selected_posters/movie_genre.pdf)
2. [Anomaly detection using AEs](assets/selected_posters/anomaly.pdf)
3. [Search for Similar Images](assets/selected_posters/similar_images.pdf)
4. [Floor Localization](assets/selected_posters/localization.pdf)
5. [Text to Image](assets/selected_posters/txt2img.pdf)
6. [Facial Expression Evaluation](assets/selected_posters/facial_expression.pdf)

## The Project Website

You are required to create a website page for your project, I will use this page to create a website to present all your projects at one place, for better understanding, you can have a look at the past project websites:

* [Alexandria University - CS 435 Deep Learning - Spring 2020](https://raw.githack.com/KhaledElTahan/DeepLearning/master/Project/assets/au_spring2020_website/home.html)

To create your website page, use the [website-template provided here](website-template/). The website-template has the following hierarchy:

```
website-template\
website-template\team-specific\
website-template\team-specific\index.html
website-template\team-specific\resources
website-template\vendor
```

Please download the whole website-template folder, make your changes then submit the whole website-template folder with this exact folder hierarchy.  You're to make modifications **only** inside the **team-specific** folder, **never** make any changes out of it.

You will find inside the index.html a **whole template for a dummy project** I created. Just modify the content of the blocks to reflect your project details, please don't try to modify the styles and keep everything homogeneous. I've almost made an example of everything you might need inside the template, if you do this correctly, the website shouldn't take ten minutes to get done.

**The provided sections in my dummy project are the requirements of the website**, please make any suitable updates you need based on your project specifics, for example if you're using reinforcement learning then you may change the dataset section to enivornment section.

This website template is based on [the bare bootstrap](https://startbootstrap.com/template/bare) website template.

## Notes

1. You have to make the presentation using the submitted slides, a penalty is applied otherwise.
2. Your presentation will take only *ten minutes*, three of which are reserved for instructors, and your colleagues questions/feedback. So, you need to make sure your presentation doesn't exceed *seven minutes*. Practice the presentation and make sure it fits within 7 minutes.
3. **The recorded video of the presentation will be submitted days before your live presentation. Make sure not to get confused by this point.**
4. The recorded video of the presentation should not exceed seven minutes and should be at least of five minutes.
5. The provided selected presentations, selected posters, and website might have been made under different requirements, just because any of them doesn't meet any of our requirements doesn't give you the ability to do the same.
6. For the live demo, We want to see a running application of your model with good illustrative examples or use cases. However, you decide which use case you will present to us and how to do it, no specific requirements nor instructions for it.
7. Each of the bonus requirements stands alone, you can submit either of them and get a bonus grades for it.

Commit message:

Add a section for publication paper

Project/final.md, after:

# Project Final Delivery

The final delivery of the project, you will need to present **all** the work done for the project, at this phase you're required to submit several deliverables and make a presentation that has the following requirements.

## The Presentation Requirements

**One important note about this presentation, is that it has to cover all the project work, not only the work done after the second milestone.**

1. Original model from literature (in figures and diagrams only).
2. Proposed model architecture (in figures and diagrams only).
3. Final model architecture (in figures and diagrams only), explain if proposed parts weren't feasible which made you adopt new changes.
4. Graphs and plots that show your results.
5. A live demo of your working model.
6. Team members contribution
7. Conclusion and future work (including lessons learned and interesting findings).

## Selected Presentations

1. [Floor Localization](assets/selected_final_presentations/localization.pdf)
2. [Text to Image](assets/selected_final_presentations/txt2img.pdf)
3. [Artistic Style Transfer For Videos](assets/selected_final_presentations/style_transfer.pdf)

## Deliverables

1. Presentation slides containing the requirements.
2. A recorded video of your presentation, this will give you a chance to rehearse and also be a point of reference for your work.
3. A live presentation showing your work.
4. Project Code.
5. A poster for your project (soft copy).
6. Project Website.
7. **(BONUS)**: Publication-Quality paper.
8. **(BONUS)**: Enroll in the Student Research Competition of one of the ACM SIGs after consultation with the course instructor about the quality of the work and its relevance to a specific SIG.

## The Project Code

The submitted code must satisfy the following requirements:

1. Code files in a Python Notebook/Jupyter Notebook **if possible**. But, in all ways, a full working code must be submitted.
2. A list of all dependencies and installation instructions to get the code fully working.
3. Data files, provide permanent links for huge datasets or upload the dataset directly to the submission form if tiny (less than 100 MB).
4. Your model weights, a permanent link if possible or upload it directly to the submission form if tiny (less than 1 GB).

## The Project Poster

The project poster is a pdf document for a one-page summary of your project. It has no specific requirements but the following guidelines should help:

1. Make sure to include the university logo.
2. Focus more on graphs, figures and diagrams.
3. Simple is safe.

You can use any simple tools like Microsoft Power Point or Google Slides. You can start from free templates available online such as found [here](https://www.genigraphics.com/templates) and [here](https://www.posterpresentations.com/free-poster-templates.html).

The following is a list of posters from previous terms, just follow the general style, nothing specific nor fancy is required.

1. [Movie Genre Classification](assets/selected_posters/movie_genre.pdf)
2. [Anomaly detection using AEs](assets/selected_posters/anomaly.pdf)
3. [Search for Similar Images](assets/selected_posters/similar_images.pdf)
4. [Floor Localization](assets/selected_posters/localization.pdf)
5. [Text to Image](assets/selected_posters/txt2img.pdf)
6. [Facial Expression Evaluation](assets/selected_posters/facial_expression.pdf)

## The Project Website

You are required to create a website page for your project, I will use this page to create a website to present all your projects at one place, for better understanding, you can have a look at the past project websites:

* [Alexandria University - CS 435 Deep Learning - Spring 2020](https://raw.githack.com/KhaledElTahan/DeepLearning/master/Project/assets/au_spring2020_website/home.html)

To create your website page, use the [website-template provided here](website-template/). The website-template has the following hierarchy:

```
website-template\
website-template\team-specific\
website-template\team-specific\index.html
website-template\team-specific\resources
website-template\vendor
```

Please download the whole website-template folder, make your changes then submit the team-specific folder with its exact folder hierarchy.  You're to make modifications **only** inside the **team-specific** folder, **never** make any changes out of it.

You will find inside the index.html a **whole template for a dummy project** I created. Just modify the content of the blocks to reflect your project details, please don't try to modify the styles and keep everything homogeneous. I've almost made an example of everything you might need inside the template, if you do this correctly, the website shouldn't take ten minutes to get done.

You can have a look at [the rendered webpage of the dummy project](https://raw.githack.com/KhaledElTahan/DeepLearning/master/Project/website-template/team-specific/index.html) for better understading.

**The provided sections in my dummy project are the requirements of the website**, please make any suitable updates you need based on your project specifics, for example if you're using reinforcement learning then you may change the dataset section to enivornment section.

This website template is based on [the bare bootstrap](https://startbootstrap.com/template/bare) website template.

## The Publication-Quality Paper (BONUS)

You may submit a paper that illustrates all the work done on the project. This paper should follow the general rules and styles seen in published papers.

The following are few templates you can use to write your own paper:

1. [Style and Template for Preprints (arXiv, bio-arXiv)](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/style-and-template-for-preprints-arxiv-bio-arxiv/pkzcrhzcdxmc)
2. [Sample ACM CCS](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/sample-acm-ccs/hqrzvbjgvfvz)
3. [IEEE Conference LaTeX Template](https://www.overleaf.com/latex/templates/ieee-conference-latex-template/hkfsmxcvymyk)

The following is a selected list of previous terms publication-quality papers:

1. [Artistic Style Transfer For Videos](assets/selected_pq_papers/style_transfer.pdf)

## Notes

1. You have to make the presentation using the submitted slides, a penalty is applied otherwise.
2. Your presentation will take only *ten minutes*, three of which are reserved for instructors, and your colleagues questions/feedback. So, you need to make sure your presentation doesn't exceed *seven minutes*. Practice the presentation and make sure it fits within 7 minutes.
3. **The recorded video of the presentation will be submitted days before your live presentation. Make sure not to get confused by this point.**
4. The recorded video of the presentation should not exceed seven minutes and should be at least of five minutes.
5. The provided selected presentations, selected posters, and website might have been made under different requirements, just because any of them doesn't meet any of our requirements doesn't give you the ability to do the same.
6. For the live demo, We want to see a running application of your model with good illustrative examples or use cases. However, you decide which use case you will present to us and how to do it, no specific requirements nor instructions for it.
7. Each of the bonus requirements stands alone, you can submit either of them and get a bonus grades for it.
8. For more information about the Student Research Competition, reach to the course professor.
