Project/milestone1.md, before:

# Project Milestone 1

You are required to make a presentation containing the following.

## The Presentation Requirements

1. A Summary of your proposal.
2. Explanation of the problem statement. Use graphics to explain the problem briefly.
3. Summary of the related work and the selected one to expand on.
4. Your proposed solution/model and difference from related work.
5. Progress report on deploying the original model.
6. Current progress on the proposed solution.
7. Initial Results.
8. Any findings that point out your effort and your work.
9. Next steps and timeline for the rest of the project.

## Deliverables

1. Presentation slides containing the requirements.
2. A recorded video of your presentation, this will give you a chance to rehearse and also be a point of reference for your work.
3. A live presentation showing your work.

## Selected Presentations

1. [Moving Object Detection](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/moving_object.pdf)
2. [Movie Genre Classification](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/movie_genre.pdf)
3. [Snake Game](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/snake_game.pdf)
4. [Anomaly detection using AEs](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/anomaly.pdf)
5. [Search for Similar Images](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/similar_images.pdf)
6. [Artistic Style Transfer For Videos](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/style_transfer.pdf)
7. [Arabic Word Diacritization](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/diacritization.pdf)
8. [Floor Localization](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/localization.pdf)
9. [Text to Image](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/txt2img.pdf)

## Notes

1. You have to make the presentation using the submitted slides, a penalty is applied otherwise.
2. We expect to see results, however, that depends on the nature of the problem and the struggles you encounter.
3. The key role in grading this part is your collective understanding of the problem and the amount of effort made regardless of the results, we will evaluate this based on your work and our discussion during the presentation.
4. Your presentation will take only *ten minutes*, three of which are reserved for instructors, and your colleagues questions/feedback. So, you need to make sure your presentation doesn't exceed *seven minutes*. Practice the presentation and make sure it fits within 7 minutes.
5. **The recorded video of the presentation will be submitted days before your live presentation. Make sure not to get confused by this point.**
6. The recorded video of the presentation should not exceed seven minutes and should be at least of five minutes.
7. The provided selected presentations might have been made under different requirements, just because any of them doesn't meet any of our requirements doesn't give you the ability to do the same.

Commit message:

Make updates on the team members contribution

Project/milestone1.md, after:

# Project Milestone 1

You are required to make a presentation containing the following.

## The Presentation Requirements

1. A Summary of your proposal.
2. Explanation of the problem statement. Use graphics to explain the problem briefly.
3. Summary of the related work and the selected one to expand on.
4. Your proposed solution/model and difference from related work.
5. Progress report on deploying the original model.
6. Current progress on the proposed solution.
7. Initial Results.
8. Any findings that point out your effort and your work.
9. Next steps and timeline for the rest of the project.
10. Each team member contribution. You should state only the contribution in the technical work, so designing the presentation for example shouldn't be included.

## Deliverables

1. Presentation slides containing the requirements.
2. A recorded video of your presentation, this will give you a chance to rehearse and also be a point of reference for your work.
3. A live presentation showing your work.

## Selected Presentations

1. [Moving Object Detection](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/moving_object.pdf)
2. [Movie Genre Classification](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/movie_genre.pdf)
3. [Snake Game](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/snake_game.pdf)
4. [Anomaly detection using AEs](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/anomaly.pdf)
5. [Search for Similar Images](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/similar_images.pdf)
6. [Artistic Style Transfer For Videos](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/style_transfer.pdf)
7. [Arabic Word Diacritization](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/diacritization.pdf)
8. [Floor Localization](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/localization.pdf)
9. [Text to Image](assets/selected_ms1_presentations/txt2img.pdf)

## Notes

1. You have to make the presentation using the submitted slides, a penalty is applied otherwise.
2. We expect to see results, however, that depends on the nature of the problem and the struggles you encounter.
3. The key role in grading this part is your collective understanding of the problem and the amount of effort made regardless of the results, we will evaluate this based on your work and our discussion during the presentation.
4. Your presentation will take only *ten minutes*, three of which are reserved for instructors, and your colleagues questions/feedback. So, you need to make sure your presentation doesn't exceed *seven minutes*. Practice the presentation and make sure it fits within 7 minutes.
5. **The recorded video of the presentation will be submitted days before your live presentation. Make sure not to get confused by this point.**
6. The recorded video of the presentation should not exceed seven minutes and should be at least of five minutes.
7. The provided selected presentations might have been made under different requirements, just because any of them doesn't meet any of our requirements doesn't give you the ability to do the same.
