Project/milestone2.md, before:

# Project Milestone 2

At this point, **you are expected to fully have implemented your proposed solution**. You are required to make a presentation containing the following requirements.

## The Presentation Requirements

1. Problem Statement.
2. Original model from literature.
3. Your solution. Point exactly all differences between your solution and the original model.
4. All the progress done. Highlight the progress during this milestone.
5. Plots and graphs that show your results and the evaluation difference between the original model and your solution.
6. Next steps until the final delivery.

## Deliverables

1. Presentation slides containing the requirements.
2. A recorded video of your presentation.

## Selected Presentations

1. [Moving Object Detection](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/moving_object.pdf)
2. [Movie Genre Classification](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/movie_genre.pdf)
3. [Snake Game](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/snake_game.pdf)
4. [Anomaly detection using AEs](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/anomaly.pdf)
5. [Search for Similar Images](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/similar_images.pdf)
6. [Artistic Style Transfer For Videos](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/style_transfer.pdf)
7. [Floor Localization](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/localization.pdf)
8. [Text to Image](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/txt2img.pdf)
9. [Facial Expression Evaluation](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/facial_expression.pdf)

## Notes

1. At this step your grading will be based on your work, effort and quality of submissions.
2. The purpose of the results is showing how deeply you understand the problem, its limitations, challenges, and how your solution affects the accuracy (either negatively or
positively).
3. **There is no live presentation for this milestone**.
4. The recorded video of the presentation should not exceed seven minutes and should be at least of five minutes.
5. The instructors might ask you to make a few updates to be delivered in the final delivery.
6. The provided selected presentations might have been made under different requirements, just because any of them doesn't meet any of our requirements doesn't give you the ability to do the same.

Commit message:

Make updates on the team members contribution

Project/milestone2.md, after:

# Project Milestone 2

At this point, **you are expected to fully have implemented your proposed solution**. You are required to make a presentation containing the following requirements.

## The Presentation Requirements

1. Problem Statement.
2. Original model from literature.
3. Your solution. Point exactly all differences between your solution and the original model.
4. All the progress done. Highlight the progress during this milestone.
5. Plots and graphs that show your results and the evaluation difference between the original model and your solution.
6. Next steps until the final delivery.
7. Each team member contribution. You should state only the contribution in the technical work, so designing the presentation for example shouldn't be included.

## Deliverables

1. Presentation slides containing the requirements.
2. A recorded video of your presentation.

## Selected Presentations

1. [Moving Object Detection](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/moving_object.pdf)
2. [Movie Genre Classification](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/movie_genre.pdf)
3. [Snake Game](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/snake_game.pdf)
4. [Anomaly detection using AEs](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/anomaly.pdf)
5. [Search for Similar Images](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/similar_images.pdf)
6. [Artistic Style Transfer For Videos](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/style_transfer.pdf)
7. [Floor Localization](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/localization.pdf)
8. [Text to Image](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/txt2img.pdf)
9. [Facial Expression Evaluation](assets/selected_ms2_presentations/facial_expression.pdf)

## Notes

1. At this step your grading will be based on your work, effort and quality of submissions.
2. The purpose of the results is showing how deeply you understand the problem, its limitations, challenges, and how your solution affects the accuracy (either negatively or
positively).
3. **There is no live presentation for this milestone**.
4. The recorded video of the presentation should not exceed seven minutes and should be at least of five minutes.
5. The instructors might ask you to make a few updates to be delivered in the final delivery.
6. The provided selected presentations might have been made under different requirements, just because any of them doesn't meet any of our requirements doesn't give you the ability to do the same.
