Project/README.md, before:

# Project

## 1 - Overview

The course project is an opportunity for you to apply what you have learned in class to a problem of your interest.

## 2 - Project Timeline

You're required to submit the following:

1. Project Proposal
2. Proposal Update
3. Project Milestone 1
4. Project Milestone 2
5. Final Presentation

According to this [timeline](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vb0EfwRyeltQNH-SbcnNFc-dPj7bs6iipGG_t-HpPVI/edit?usp=sharing).

## 3 - Project Proposal

You are required to submit a quality-document containing detailed informations about the project you propose to make. More details about the requirements on [this document](proposal.md).

## 4 - Proposal Update

After project proposal is reviewed by the instructors, you might be instructed to update any point of your proposal.

## 5 - Project Milestone 1

You are required to make a presentation that show your progress More details about the requirements on [this document](milestone1.md).

## 6 - Project Milestone 2

At this point, you are expected to fully have implemented your proposed solution. You are required to make a presentation that show your work. More details about the requirements on [this document](milestone2.md).

## 7 - Project Final Presentation

After final review, you're required to make a presentation and deliver few requirements explain on [this document](final.md).

Commit message:

Reference AlexU Spring 2020 Project Website

Project/README.md, after:

# Project

## 1 - Overview

The course project is an opportunity for you to apply what you have learned in class to a problem of your interest.

You can check the past project websites:

* [Alexandria University - CS 435 Deep Learning - Spring 2020](https://raw.githack.com/KhaledElTahan/AUC-DeepLearning/master/Project/assets/au_spring2020_website/home.html)

## 2 - Project Timeline

You're required to submit the following:

1. Project Proposal
2. Proposal Update
3. Project Milestone 1
4. Project Milestone 2
5. Final Presentation

According to this [timeline](https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1vb0EfwRyeltQNH-SbcnNFc-dPj7bs6iipGG_t-HpPVI/edit?usp=sharing).

## 3 - Project Proposal

You are required to submit a quality-document containing detailed informations about the project you propose to make. More details about the requirements on [this document](proposal.md).

## 4 - Proposal Update

After project proposal is reviewed by the instructors, you might be instructed to update any point of your proposal.

## 5 - Project Milestone 1

You are required to make a presentation that show your progress More details about the requirements on [this document](milestone1.md).

## 6 - Project Milestone 2

At this point, you are expected to fully have implemented your proposed solution. You are required to make a presentation that show your work. More details about the requirements on [this document](milestone2.md).

## 7 - Project Final Presentation

After final review, you're required to make a presentation and deliver few requirements explain on [this document](final.md).
